this video is to answer the question
what is that thing attached to the bar
while you're lifting it's the gym aware
unit that monitors bar speed power
output force all sorts of data and you
can see this this is from my squat
session last week we've been using the
ECC to do a lot of what results heavy
speed work basically have a velocity
threshold and as long as you're staying
with that can you be a fan first rep
there I hit it you can see highlighted
in blue and second rep I came up just a
little bit short this is my third set in
I'm gonna head and hit Bowman or set for
a set and see on this when I came close
the threshold on both of them didn't
quite make it with GG shoes mondop
finishes the movement for the day and
move on to my accessories work and the
gym or unit is based on capturing
everything about that angle speed
velocity power up that force output and
I can go into my calendar look at
winning lifts or any day and and pull up
any of the date on every single rep can
see this is my last workout here's a
graph of the last set that you just saw
it's mean power output lower right-hand
corner there you can see a number of the
other ones and there's multiple more
available besides that but here's some
of those force and vertical distance and
this next one is velocity and vertical
distance there's numerous that we can
pull them look at it primarily we're
using the instantaneous feedback and
thresholds we have set to guide the
workouts but we do have every lifter so
I think 100 plus lifters in our database
from that database we can run reports on
projected max peak performance times and
maxes as well as really dial in people's
training loads and weights